Task#536167:[Refresh link]Replace bookmarks in repo (#24731)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/signalr/javascript-client.md

## Call hub methods from the client

> JavaScript clients call public methods on hubs via the [invoke](/javascript/api/%40microsoft/signalr/hubconnection#invoke_T__T__string__any___) method of the [HubConnection](/javascript/api/%40microsoft/signalr/hubconnection). The `invoke` method accepts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JavaScript clients call public methods on hubs via the [invoke](/javascript/api/%40microsoft/signalr/hubconnection@microsoft-signalr-hubconnection-invoke) method of the [HubConnection](/javascript/api/%40microsoft/signalr/hubconnection). The `invoke` method accepts:
```

Author: pls see the review page:https://review.docs.microsoft.com/en-us/javascript/api/@microsoft/signalr/hubconnection?branch=main&view=signalr-js-latest#invoke_T__T__string__any___

The `invoke` method returns a JavaScript [Promise](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise). The `Promise` is resolved with the return value (if any) when the method on the server returns. If the method on the server throws an error, the `Promise` is rejected with the error message. Use `async` and `await` or the `Promise`'s `then` and `catch` methods to handle these cases.

> JavaScript clients can also call public methods on hubs via the [send](/javascript/api/%40microsoft/signalr/hubconnection#send_string__any___) method of the `HubConnection`. Unlike the `invoke` method, the `send` method doesn't wait for a response from the server. The `send` method returns a JavaScript `Promise`. The `Promise` is resolved when the message has been sent to the server. If there is an error sending the message, the `Promise` is rejected with the error message. Use `async` and `await` or the `Promise`'s `then` and `catch` methods to handle these cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JavaScript clients can also call public methods on hubs via the [send](/javascript/api/%40microsoft/signalr/hubconnection#@microsoft-signalr-hubconnection-send) method of the `HubConnection`. Unlike the `invoke` method, the `send` method doesn't wait for a response from the server. The `send` method returns a JavaScript `Promise`. The `Promise` is resolved when the message has been sent to the server. If there is an error sending the message, the `Promise` is rejected with the error message. Use `async` and `await` or the `Promise`'s `then` and `catch` methods to handle these cases.
```

> [!NOTE]
> Using `send` doesn't wait until the server has received the message. Consequently, it's not possible to return data or errors from the server.

## Call client methods from the hub

> To receive messages from the hub, define a method using the [on](/javascript/api/%40microsoft/signalr/hubconnection#on_string___args__any_______void_) method of the `HubConnection`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To receive messages from the hub, define a method using the [on](/javascript/api/%40microsoft/signalr/hubconnection#@microsoft-signalr-hubconnection-on) method of the `HubConnection`.
```

SignalR determines which client method to call by matching the method name and arguments defined in `SendAsync` and `connection.on`.

> [!NOTE]

> > As a best practice, call the [start](/javascript/api/%40aspnet/signalr/hubconnection#start__) method on the `HubConnection` after `on`. Doing so ensures your handlers are registered before any messages are received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As a best practice, call the [start](/javascript/api/%40aspnet/signalr/hubconnection#@microsoft-signalr-hubconnection-start) method on the `HubConnection` after `on`. Doing so ensures your handlers are registered before any messages are received.
```

* `signalR.LogLevel.Information`: Status messages without errors. Logs `Information`, `Warning`, and `Error` messages.
* `signalR.LogLevel.Trace`: Trace messages. Logs everything, including data transported between hub and client.

> Use the [configureLogging](/javascript/api/%40aspnet/signalr/hubconnectionbuilder) method on [HubConnectionBuilder](/javascript/api/%40aspnet/signalr/hubconnectionbuilder) to configure the log level. Messages are logged to the browser console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [configureLogging](/javascript/api/%40aspnet/signalr/hubconnectionbuilder#@microsoft-signalr-hubconnectionbuilder-configurelogging) method on [HubConnectionBuilder](/javascript/api/%40aspnet/signalr/hubconnectionbuilder) to configure the log level. Messages are logged to the browser console:
```

};
```

> If the client doesn't successfully reconnect within its first four attempts, the `HubConnection` will transition to the `Disconnected` state and fire its [onclose](/javascript/api/%40aspnet/signalr/hubconnection#onclose__error___Error_____void_) callbacks. This provides an opportunity to inform users the connection has been permanently lost and recommend refreshing the page:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the client doesn't successfully reconnect within its first four attempts, the `HubConnection` will transition to the `Disconnected` state and fire its [onclose](/javascript/api/%40aspnet/signalr/hubconnection#@microsoft-signalr-hubconnection-onclose) callbacks. This provides an opportunity to inform users the connection has been permanently lost and recommend refreshing the page:
```

## Call hub methods from the client

> JavaScript clients call public methods on hubs via the [invoke](/javascript/api/%40microsoft/signalr/hubconnection#invoke_T__T__string__any___) method of the [HubConnection](/javascript/api/%40microsoft/signalr/hubconnection). The `invoke` method accepts:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JavaScript clients call public methods on hubs via the [invoke](/javascript/api/%40microsoft/signalr/hubconnection#@microsoft-signalr-hubconnection-invoke) method of the [HubConnection](/javascript/api/%40microsoft/signalr/hubconnection). The `invoke` method accepts:
```

SignalR determines which client method to call by matching the method name and arguments defined in `SendAsync` and `connection.on`.

> [!NOTE]

> > As a best practice, call the [start](/javascript/api/%40aspnet/signalr/hubconnection#start__) method on the `HubConnection` after `on`. Doing so ensures your handlers are registered before any messages are received.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> As a best practice, call the [start](/javascript/api/%40aspnet/signalr/hubconnection#@microsoft-signalr-hubconnection-start) method on the `HubConnection` after `on`. Doing so ensures your handlers are registered before any messages are received.
```

* `signalR.LogLevel.Information`: Status messages without errors. Logs `Information`, `Warning`, and `Error` messages.
* `signalR.LogLevel.Trace`: Trace messages. Logs everything, including data transported between hub and client.

> Use the [configureLogging](/javascript/api/%40aspnet/signalr/hubconnectionbuilder) method on [HubConnectionBuilder](/javascript/api/%40aspnet/signalr/hubconnectionbuilder) to configure the log level. Messages are logged to the browser console:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the [configureLogging](/javascript/api/%40aspnet/signalr/hubconnectionbuilder#@microsoft-signalr-hubconnectionbuilder-configurelogging) method on [HubConnectionBuilder](/javascript/api/%40aspnet/signalr/hubconnectionbuilder) to configure the log level. Messages are logged to the browser console:
```
